what's going on my eye is a little itchy
uh eat mine too yeah wow it's really red
you shouldn't see my eye doctor Richard
I'm gonna see your ex-boyfriend Oh
Richard that's all I ever hear Richard
Richard Richard since we've been going
out I think I've mentioned his name
twice
okay so Richard Richard it's not Richard
okay it's this new guy and he's really
good no I'm sorry I'm not going to an
eye doctor
Oh God here we go what anytime anything
comes close to touching her eye or
anyone else's you're like freaks at
watch all right fine okay I have a weird
thing with my eye can we just not talk
about it please hey rich another great
song um me myself and get some lunch all
those in favor say aye
how much did I love the king and I okay
there man yeah I got too excited